---
layout: single
title: "VMware vExpert 2017"
date: 2017-08-19
category: [VMware]
excerpt: "I was awarded VMware vExpert 2017 Status!"
---
The news has finally sunk in - I am a VMware vExpert 2017!

Up until a couple of years ago I consumed a lot of content. I used blog content at work, KB articles, scripts, asking for help on forums, attending VMUG's, etc. It was at a Scottish VMUG where they asked for people to step up and talk that the penny dropped. Time to give back!

So in November 2015, absolutely crapping myself, I presented a session at the VMUG on a virtualisation project I had completed at work. Looking back I relied way too much reading the slides instead of *talking* about what I wanted to get across. It was such a relief at the end but kind of an adrenaline rush too.

After some reflection I decided I needed to give back. As I have said in other posts my first love is VMware technologies, so I decided to focus on that. This involved me blogging, participating in forums, twitter, contributing ideas and hosting sessions at the Scottish VMUG, and sharing scripts I used at work. I was doing this as it felt right. It's only fair you give back if you take.

At the last VMUG I was talking to someone and it turned out they were a vExpert. I had heard of the scheme but never really looked into it. We talked and he recommended I apply so here I am!

From the [vExpert](https://communities.vmware.com/community/vmtn/vexpert) page here are some of the benefits:

* Invite to our private #Slack channel
* vExpert certificate signed by our CEO Pat Gelsinger.
* Private forums on communities.vmware.com.
* Permission to use the vExpert logo on cards, website, etc for one year
* Access to a private directory for networking, etc.
* Exclusive gifts from various VMware partners.
* Private webinars with VMware partners as well as NFR's.
* Access to private betas (subject to admission by beta teams).
* 365-day eval licenses for most products for home lab / cloud providers.
* Private pre-launch briefings via our blogger briefing pre-VMworld (subject to admission by product teams)
* Blogger early access program for vSphere and some other products.
* Opportunity to receive a free blogger pass to VMworld US or VMworld Europe (limited to 50 for US and 35 for EU).
* Featured in a public vExpert online directory.
* Access to vetted VMware & Virtualization content for your social channels.
* Yearly vExpert parties at both VMworld US and VMworld Europe events.
* Identification as a vExpert at both VMworld US and VMworld EU.

To be honest I didn't do it for the freebies or gifts - I've done it to give back to the community and being a vExpert may mean I reach a wider audience and help more people.

Thanks for the award VMware!