---
layout: single
title: "2018 Goals Update"
date: 2018-12-30
category: [Career]
excerpt: "It's the end of 2018, so how did I get on with the goals I set for 2018"
---
# Introduction

At the beginning of the year I set some goals for the year. This was the first time I actually wrote some down, so how did I do?

## Obtain VCAP6-DCV - Failed Goal

I never got round to resitting this exam. This is the goal I am most disappointed to miss.

## Stretch Goal - VCAP6-DCV Design - Failed Goal

This never even got on the radar!

## 20 Blog Posts - Successful Goal

In total I managed to write 41 posts, more than double my goal. I am pleased with my efforts in regards to the blog but I have felt my blogging mojo has tailed off recently. I need to get it back.

## Present at the Scottish VMUG - Failed Goal

Due to the brilliant community content this year at the VMUG I decided not to present.

## Attend VMworld - Successful Goal

Thanks to the Scottish VMUG I attended VMworld in Barcelona. It was a truly brilliant experience. I owe the leaders a deep debt of gratitude for the chance to attend.

## vExpert 2018 - Successful Goal

I was [awarded vExpert status]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2018-03-10-vExpert-2018 %}). Another honour!

## MCSA Server 2016 - Failed Goal

I managed to pass one of the three exams before I changed my job and this was cancelled.

## Wrap Up

I'm ok with not meeting so all the goals this year. Thinking back I wish I had made it three maximum with the main goal of getting a [new job]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2018-09-14-New-Job-Alert %}), which I did in September. The new role has consumed a great deal of my time since I started. I am loving working at the new gig and work with some brilliant people.

Watch this space for 2019 goals!

## Thanks!

I also want to say thanks to everyone that has visited my blog this year. I appreciate each and every visit.