---
layout: single
title: "2019 Goals"
date: 2019-01-01
category: [Career]
excerpt: "My 2019 Goals and a 2018 Recap"
---
# Introduction

It's that time of year again when people start to think about the goals for the coming year. I want to have a look back on 2018 and look forward to my 2019 goals.

## 2018 Recap

2018 was a pretty exciting year for me. I think the biggest thing that happened to me professionally was getting a [new job]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2018-09-14-New-Job-Alert %}) after almost 19 years at my previous employer. So far my new job has been brilliant. I have access to lots of new technology, automation opportunities and I work in an amazing, talented team.

Another milestone for me was attending VMworld. I have wanted to attend for many years and was told I could attend by my previous employers. Due to budget constraints and then changing job I though I was not getting to go. However the Scottish VMUG awarded me Coomunity Member of the Year and sent me to VMworld. Attending gave me so many opportunities to meet some great people in the IT Community, some VMware rockstars, and learn some new skills. I really hope to attend in 2019.

Lastly it was a huge honour to be awarded [vExpert 2018]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2018-03-10-vExpert-2018 %}). I love being part of the community and vExpert is the icing on the cake.

Looking back on things I could do better is learning new things. In my old role I was so busy as the sole Server Admin and wiped out each day working many hours extra I neglected spending time learning new skills. In 2019 with the new job I have more time out of hours to learn and study new things.

## 2019 Goals

I have three areas I want to set as goals for 2019.

1. Certifications. My VCP expires this year so re-certification is a must. Work also want me to obtain my MCSA Server 2016 so that will be a focus too.
2. Community. I will be applying for vExpert 2019. I also want to encourage and help others in the Scottish VMUG present at a VMUG, obtain vExpert or pass a certification. Watch out VMUG!
3. Challenges. I am going to challenge myself get outside my comfort zones both Technology and Professional. I want to present more and learn some automation skills (I'm interested in Ansible and DSC)

## Wrap Up

I am looking forward to 2019 and seeing where I can go and what I can achieve. I hope at the end of the year I am happy with my progress in the three goals I have set.